Fixed and Updated Links, grammatical errors (#4825)
mattermost/docs: source/integrations/cloud-bot-accounts.rst

Bot Accounts
=============

> Use bot accounts to integrate with Mattermost through `plugins <https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/>`_ or the `Mattermost RESTful API <https://api.mattermost.com>`_. Bot accounts access the RESTful API on behalf of a bot through the use of the `personal access tokens feature <https://docs.mattermost.com/developer/personal-access-tokens.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use bot accounts to integrate with Mattermost through `plugins <https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/>`_ or the `Mattermost RESTful API <https://api.mattermost.com>`_. Bot accounts access the RESTful API on behalf of a bot through the use of the `personal access tokens feature <https://developers.mattermost.com/integrate/admin-guide/admin-personal-access-token/>`_.
```

Author: This is fine

No, but you can automate your integration to cycle its token `through the REST API <https://api.mattermost.com/#tag/users%2Fpaths%2F~1users~1%7Buser_id%7D~1tokens%2Fpost>`_.

> For more information about access tokens, see `the personal access tokens documentation <https://docs.mattermost.com/developer/personal-access-tokens.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about access tokens, see `the personal access tokens documentation <https://developers.mattermost.com/integrate/admin-guide/admin-personal-access-token/>`_.
```

1. Instead of using a slash command to respond directly, use an an API call for the initial interaction with a user to enable message edits.
2. If your system is using `advanced permissions <https://docs.mattermost.com/cloud/cloud-user-management/advanced-permissions.html>`_, then post edits could be disabled for users.

> If neither of the above help resolves your concern, you also have the option to choose what role the bot account has. If the **System Admin** role is chosen, they can update any posts in the system and other System Admin permissions. Note that giving the **System Admin** role to a bot account enables them with other System Admin privileges, so this should be done with care.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also have the option to choose what role the bot account has. If the **System Admin** role is chosen, they can update any posts in the system and other System Admin permissions. Note that giving the **System Admin** role to a bot account enables them with other System Admin privileges, so this should be done with care.
```

Author: Yeah this is more apt. Less writing with more impact.
